hello everyone today I'm going to show
you how i program my turnigy 9x
transmitter for my Naza
gps i have the Naza assistant open here
and on the bottom right if you could see
in the video it says gps attitude that
is the current frame mode now if I flick
the traditional switch from the top to
the meter this is just attitude and if I
flick it all the way down it goes to
manual I could not find a tutorial on
how to set a mix for a fail-safe using
the gear switch on Panaji IX
after a couple hours I managed to get it
figure out and this is the gear switch
I'm using to do a force feel safe see
what happens if i take this gear switch
from GPS I'll flick it closed the
failsafe take it back goes by the GPS
now let me go to attitude mode again if
I flip the gear switch it goes to
failsafe
okay back to attitude lastly in the
manual fire mode it says manual here I
flick it it goes to feel safe you can't
see here because there's no blue
indication but on the bottom right again
you can see it's not until safe okay
like the menu that's how I set it up and
you could use the other methods like
setting feel safe on the tota whole or
you could have what GPS attitude it was
safe if you are not using the manual for
fpv flying but I prefer to have it this
way
I have all three modes and in anymore
I could just flip this switch and it
goes to Joseph and the GPS will bring my
another quadcopter back home now there
are a couple of things that you have to
do for us to get the mix right the first
thing I have done is in the reverse I
have to reverse the gear channel the
reason is because I want the normal
position to be facing down instead of up
so I reversed at first okay the other
requirement is at the endpoints for
channel 6 which is the pitch channel for
the mixing to work about that I have to
max out the end points for the pitch at
220 percent on both ends and a lot of
next to work flawlessly for the nozzle
tree flight modes basically I'm using
China sex on the receiver which is the
pitch curve a finisher the pitch curve
for the first position which is normal
and this is GPS for me and that's 65.5%
flat curve the reason why I have five
values the same is you want to make sure
that when you're flying this quadcopter
it stays in GPS flight mode
55.5% draw okay and for attitude more is
32.5% there's the meter position for me
there's thirty two point five the sand
and what you eyes is a fleck of for the
same reason I mentioned in the last
position Mannie is zero percent fat cuff
okay now here is the interesting part
how do you set up the mix for the gear
switch to do the failsafe first of all
you go to ossuary China
that's Channel five on your receiver and
your neighbor China five to the gear
switch yeah
the gear switch once you've done that
you go to the last option which is
programming mix one two three so I'm
going to program next one and this are
the settings I have steak active master
is the gear slave is pitch what this
means is I've set the master which is
the gear switch to offset the slave
which is the pitch China and I offset it
by negative forty which is the right
value for it to switch position from far
more to feel safe you could try
different values about this part of
values that worked best for me yep
that's it is simple or you can set it up
on your thumb the G my eggs but it took
me a few hours to get this freak out and
I hope you enjoy this video and I hope
the video helped you guys see your own